Added new analyzer to check usage of the RangeAttribute (#869)
nunit/nunit.analyzers: documentation/NUnit1038.md

# NUnit1038

## The type of the attribute values doesn't match the parameter type

| Topic    | Value
| :--      | :--
| Id       | NUnit1038
| Severity | Error
| Enabled  | True
| Category | Structure
| Code     | [RangeUsageAnalyzer](https://github.com/nunit/nunit.analyzers/blob/master/src/nunit.analyzers/RangeUsage/RangeUsageAnalyzer.cs)

## Description

Ensure that the attribute and parameter types match.

## Motivation

The `Range` attribute is used to specify a range of values for a parameter in a test method.
The type of the range values must match the type of the parameter.
If NUnit cannot match the types, it will throw an exception at runtime.

> NUnit rules are that `int` can be assigned to any integral type and `double`.

Reviewer: I'm not a native English speaker, but I found the end of the sentence to sound a little odd (I cannot explain why)
```suggestion
NUnit rules are that an `int` can be assigned to any integral type or to a `double`.
```

Reviewer: From the tests it also seems like int can be assigned to decimal?
